The full transcript for the video "Gemini 3.1 + Seedance 2.0 - Build STUNNING Animated Al Sites (FULL PROCESS)" is provided below:

(0:00) All of the websites that you can see here were built with AI and the videos that you can see on the right sides were also generated by AI which is CINS 2.0 the new model that allows you to generate videos for multiple image references or even videos. That way you can create beautiful scroll-based websites just like these. And these are not just videos. These are actual live website that you can check on the website that you can check how the scroll works, how the animation works. These are built with AI and I'll be sharing with you all the prompts that include creation of this video. Very simple prompts and by the end of this video you'll know how to create any kind of scrollbased 3D animated websites with beautiful interactive elements and they put videos in the background that can be created customly for each of your client's project or for your own project. And I'll show you how you can generate images like these that then you can combine into one video using Cedense 2, which is a new model that allows you to create this beautiful interactive videos that you can add to your website and then have it tied to scroll and it will have beautiful text here on the sides that I'll show you how you can add and then by the end you'll have quick website that you can generate in one single prompt just by following the tips and tricks that I'm sharing with in this video. So without further ado, let's get started generating first our images. And for this, I'm usually going to Pinterest and just looking for some uh references for my video. So I already found ones that I like and I want to go with this one. So after I generate the first one, I can just reference it here. And I want to say create similar image but zoom in on the details of this DNA. Keep the same background, the same texture, and the same everything. (1:43) I'm going to select nano banana 2 and I'm also going to select 4K and 16 by 9. And now I'm just going to click generate and see what it comes back with. I'm also going to choose about three options since we will need a few. And I'm also going to write another prompt while it generates that. Create an image but from another side of this DNA molecule and zoom in a little bit. So just create a few variations of these images that then we can generate into one single video. Let's wait and see what it comes back with. (2:16) Once you generated images that you like and by the way students 2 can hold up to nine images and three video clips. So you can really expand the clips to include any shots that you want. I think four is good for me. I'm just going to download each of them. You can just select and download each of them. Once you did, just go to the video tab here. (2:38) And I'm going to select uh Cedence 2 from the list. It is new here at the top. And just upload the four images straight into here. It will take a couple of seconds to make sure that they're eligible. And then you can just select all of them here. And you can put even in the order that you like. So if I want this to be the first slide, I can do that. And if I want to move it as the last I mean shot I can do that as well. (3:09) So just do the way that you want it. And for the prompt it it can be really really simple since 2 is very smart. So I just typed animate the transitions between these images. (3:20) And this is the result that I received. As you can see it looks really good 1080p quality and it will be great on the website tied to our scroll. So it just any it even zoomed very cool. So um I'm in looping it so the transition is not too cut off. At the end of this video you can see that it has nice fade off effect compared to pre like models like cling. It has a transition at the end that is noticeable. (3:48) Yeah. So now we can actually download this video. For me I'm just going to open it in the new link to get the link to paste on our website. So let's just do that. And here is the prompt that I'm going to be using. All you have to do here is just replace the prompt. And the prompt itself is create the first screen of the website using the background video. Um, and then it describes how the scroll would work. So, we want the scroll work perfectly without any lags, which is pretty hard to do without any specific prompt. So, that's why I prepared this. You can get this for free in the link uh in the description. Now, we need to create a website that we'll be placing this video. And for this, let's go to Google AI Studio. So, this is a free site as well that I'm using to create websites. And here you can just describe your prompt whether you're building something custom or not. I'm going to go to motion sites.ai. And I'm just going to take random prompt just for the content. I don't need the the background video. So, I'm just going to paste this prompt here. And I'm going to go to our prompt and replace it. So, let's make sure that the video is correct. Uh, paste it in here. Yep. (4:59) Copy the whole prompt and replace the background video thing here with this information. So, I'm just going to remove all of this and paste our new prompt. (5:14) And let's just send that and see what it comes back with. (5:21) And here is our hero section. As you can see, once we scroll, the video is updating on scroll. We just need to add more sections. So, the video makes sense. Let's do that. Let's say create the rest of the website. So, about four to five sections. And let's have video not have any overlay. So, it has to have a 100% opacity. And then once we scroll, you should just change text, you know, like from left to right. So, the it adapts to the video. You have to take a look at how the video looks like and then adapt the text based on that. In the hero section, we should have the text aligned at the bottom left as a default. And then you have to switch stuff up as the video scrolls with our interactions. (6:04) So, let's just send that and see what it comes back with. In the meantime, I'll see you in a few seconds. And here we have our version of the website with a nice scroll. We scroll down to see the rest of the website. And obviously you can customize the section as you want. Here's another version that I've tried using the same prompt. As you can see, we have more text here. We can scroll. We have the scrolling animation, more interactive elements appearing here. And we can scroll up to see the rest of the website. So this is the one use case. Let's now try with another use case. Now let's create another version with similar scrollbased effect, but with two Cosmos kind of orbit stuff website. So we're going to generate images and then we're going to animate that as well. And I'm also going to share with you the prompt so you can recreate the same exact websites that you're seeing here. (6:53) So once we have an image, we can go to Nanobanana uploaded here and select Nano Banana Pro and use similar process that we did before. So we can just click on this and see which uh prompt we've used here. So as you can see here, we created something create an image like this but zoom in on the details. Let's say this. Keep the same background, same texture and and same everything. Let's just send that and see what it comes back with. I'm going to create a few options with different stuff that we created. So, create an image but from another angle and zoom in a bit. (7:26) And here I'm going to create about seven to eight images to have a little longer animation. So, you can see how it works with that type of stuff as well. So, let's create something different. Create an image like this but from another angle. Let's say but image and zoom in a bit from the side from the left side. (7:48) Let's just send those and see what it comes back with. (7:53) Once we generated a couple of images, let's click again on the video tab here and I'm going to select CDN 2.0 and just select the images from generated ones. So just click on check availability on the videos that you wanted to upload. So, I'm going to check here, check here, check here, check here, and check here. Let's just wait to see while it's checking, and I'll be back. Once that done, let's just select all of them like this. You want to make sure that the order in which they are appearing you like. So, maybe we do one on the left side after this one, then in the center, then on the right side, and then it changes like this. So, we're going to say animate the transition between these images. For the duration, I'm going to set 12 seconds. And for the quality, let's choose this one sentence to new. And let's maybe choose. And let's just click generate and see what it comes back with. (8:54) Once we've generated our image, let's do the same thing. Let's open it in a new tab to get the link into for our website. Let's just click here. And now we can go back to our prompt, replace the video here at the top, go back to our new site. So let's go back to Google AI Studio to create something new. (9:16) And for the prompt, if you want to build something from absolutely scratch, we can do that as well. So all you have to do is say is build a website using following instructions and also build it around eight to around six sections. Also keep the background black and don't use gradient because we'll have the video in the background that you can see in the links. The video should have no overlays. (9:43) Let's just send that and also send our prompt that we just created and see what it comes back with. (9:50) And here we have our layout. As you can see, we have beautiful knob bar with this liquid glass in the background. Then we have the text here. We have hover effects working. And then once we start scrolling, you can see that the video is playing as well. So we can scroll down to see the rest of the website. Scroll down to see the rest of the sections appearing. And yeah, so as you can see, we have this transition playing around. And this was it for this video. If you learned something, give it a like. And hopefully you did. And I'll see you in the next one. Thank you for watching.